1.List 5 difference between Browser JS(console) v Nodejs?
Ans:
Brower JS(console)
  a.window is a predefined global object which has functions and attributes that have to deal with window that has been drawn.
  b.location is another predefined object in browsers that has all the information about the url we have loaded.
  c.document which is also another predefined global variable in browsers has the html which is rendered.
  d.Browsers may have an object named global but it will be the exact one as window.
  e.Browsers don’t have require predefined. You may include it in your app for asynchronous file loading.

Nodejs
  a.Node doesn’t have a predefined window object cause it doesn’t have a window to draw anything.
  b.location object is related to a particular url that means it is for page specific. So, node doesn’t require that.
  c.Of course Node doesn’t have document object also cause it never have to render anything in a page.
  d.Node has global which is a predefined global object. It contains several functions that are not available in browsers, cause they are needed for server side works     only.
  e.require object is predefined in Node which is used to include modules in the app.

2.Watch & summary 5 points?
Ans:
  a.The browser use 90% og interaction with the computer, like we had text editor or browser opening.
  b.High level flow HTML parse,css parse than combined to (Render,Layout & Panit).
  c.A lot of mistakes will be still work of that,that means passing isn't straightforward,in most languages make mistake other than error,HTML will try to recover.
  d.Paring flow that will create the parse tree,that will than create the DOM tree which we all interact with javascript. 
  e.The DOM node,converted to a render object or the render object has a reference the DOM node.
  

3.Execute the below code and write your description in txt file?
a.typeof(1)
b.typeof(1.1)
c.typeof('1.1')
d.typeof(true)
e.typeof(null)
f.typeof(undefined)
g.typeof([])
h.typeof({})
i.typeof(NaN)
Ans:
  a.Number
  b.Number
  c.String
  d.Boolean
  e.object
  f.undefined
  g.object
  h.object
  i.Number